Introduction:

S4

Our software is an easy to implement scheduling software. Utilizing a clear interface, users are able to enter available hours of many employees and let the built-in algorithm make the schedules for them. This offloads the hours of work of using trial and error to create a schedule that makes everyone happy. This could be applicable to any industry where shifts are used.

https://github.com/elivatsaas/S4/



Implemented Requirements:

Requirement 1: 

Requirement: As a manager I want to be able to autogenerate a schedule with my inputted data

Issue: https://github.com/elivatsaas/S4/issues/142

Pull request: https://github.com/elivatsaas/S4/pull/125

Implemented by: Brady Wisniewski, Joseph Laity

Approved by: Eli Vatsaas


Requirement 2:

Requirement: As a developer having the ability to convert time to an integer would be super helpful.

Issue: https://github.com/elivatsaas/S4/issues/146

Pull request: https://github.com/elivatsaas/S4/pull/125

Implemented by: Brady Wisniewski

Approved by: Tyler Austin


Requirement 3:

Requirement: As a manager, I want the software to have access to a database so that I can look back on previous shifts

Issue: https://github.com/elivatsaas/S4/issues/143

Pull Request: https://github.com/elivatsaas/S4/pull/98

Implemented By: Eli Vatsaas

Approved By: Brady Wisniewski 


Requirement 4:

Requirement: As a manager, I want a website to display the schedule too so that everything is in the same place. 

Issue: https://github.com/elivatsaas/S4/issues/144

Pull Request: https://github.com/elivatsaas/S4/pull/110

Implemented By: Tyler Austin

Approved By: Elliot Hull

Print Screen: See D4.9.1.png



Tests: 

Test Framework: unittest
Link to test Location: https://github.com/elivatsaas/S4/blob/main/server/src/cppsrc/scheduleGenerator.cpp
Test Case Example: Set testing on line 270 to true, then set testVal on line 271 to 1 https://github.com/elivatsaas/S4/blob/main/server/src/cppsrc/scheduleGenerator.cpp
Result of Test: https://github.com/elivatsaas/S4/blob/Tyler_Branch/Deliverables/Media/D4.3-4.png



Adopted Technologies:

Javascript:
For the backend data management, Javascript was the most straightforward way to integrate logic into our scheduling software. This code acts as a bridge to the C++ code that does the heavy lifting.

HTML / CSS:
For the design of our website, we have used HTML to structure our pages, with interactive elements. This allows users to easily view the calendar, and use clearly labeled buttons to interface with the program.

C++:
For creating the algorithm that actually manages and changes the schedule based on what times employees provide, C++ is utilized. The team's familiarity with C code helps this part of the project, and C's memory management and data management techniques helps to implement this feature.

Makefile:
We've implemented a makefile to allow for easy compiling of our code, which is important for testing new features quickly.



Learning/training:

University Schooling:
For the portions of the program written in C++, the team has knowledge from previously taken classes at NAU. This prior knowledge of data structures and algorithms was critical to creating the schedule making components of this project.

Udemy Course:
For integrating the C++ code into a website, and using javascript to tie these components together, an online course was done by members of the group. This knowledge was very important to the integration of different technologies present in our project.

Prior Experience:
Some of the techniques used in creating websites and implementing them was known by members of the group either through personal projects they had worked on before this project, or a class taken at a school they had attended in the past.



Deployment:

Domain as follows: s4schedules.com
We are planning to host the database on AWS and the website on hostwinds, which will allow us to connect everything together when money permits.



Licensing:

We chose the GNU General Public License v3.0 for out project because we wanted to make it so
anyone could see and access our work, but would not be able to create a closed source version of our work.
This means that people can do whatever they would like with our project in terms of cloning the repository
and modifying it, but they would not be able to create and distribute a closed souce version of it. Furthermore, 
this means that anyone that would like to make use of our code and ideas would be required to maintain the open source
nature of the project itself and not close it off for their own purposes. This means that our project will
always be available to use and make imporvements upon, but anyone that does this will be required to maintain
the same stance of openess and sharing of progress.


README File:

README.md
CONTRIBUTING.md
LICENSE
CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md



Look and feel:

For S4, we wanted to make the user interface relatively simple and easy to use so that users would not have a hard time figuring out what to do. Furthermore, we wanted to ensure that the simplicity of the interface would not take away from what you could do with it. For instance, while the scheduling page may look simple with the calendar and a couple buttons, you can still easily add data into the database or change information on the respective button pages. For example, the add employee button will take you to a page with a simple form that will not let you submit it until all the required information is put in. This makes it so the user does not have to worry about not putting enough data in for the database to use and only has to focus on not mispelling anything. We believe that this type of approach will make it so users have a relatively simple time figuring out how to use our system while not having to worry about the system making a mistake due to them putting in an invalid value.

https://github.com/elivatsaas/S4/blob/Tyler_Branch/Deliverables/Media/D4.9.1.png

https://github.com/elivatsaas/S4/blob/Tyler_Branch/Deliverables/Media/D4.9.2.png

https://github.com/elivatsaas/S4/blob/Tyler_Branch/Deliverables/Media/D4.9.3.png



Lessons Learned:

One of the major problems that we faced during this first version was connecting all the parts. We had to get data from the front-end website, store it in the back-end 
database, be able to run code on it, and then be able to generate schedules to the front end. The reason it was so challenging was because of all the different languages
that we were transfering through. The front end uses html, css, and java while the backend is a SQL database and the functions we run on the data are c++. We were able
to connect them using Node.js, libraries, and by figuring out the syntax to get, store, and send data. 

For the next version, we plan on mainly polishing up the code and website we currently have while also implementing a couple more features. 



Demo:

Link to Demo: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pPY02TugFzfLTCaL_gIyPZY-w9Vyidrp/view

