## Introduction

Our scheduling software provides easy and thorough access to scheduling for shifts in all kinds of work.  Our streamlined process 
for taking in information and scheduling saves managers hours of work with a spreadsheet attempting to make all workers happy.  
Businesses of many sizes can collect, build, and communicate their created schedules all from one easy to use web portal.  Our 
snappy web interface is straightforward to use, to reduce time needed to onboard.  You can’t go wrong selecting S4!

Users can sign up, and collect their names, personal information, hire date, and pay rate to be used in later calculations within 
the system.  They can also use the interface to create their own user account, and set up password protection to stop others from 
accessing the personal information.  Our software includes a message board, that managers and bosses can communicate with each 
other and their employees easily all in one place.  These messages can be filtered so that the most recent or relevant messages 
can be easily isolated for each person.  Messages can be tagged by role at the company so that assigned tasks are completed by the 
right people.  Announcements can even be automatically emailed to the relevant parties through the web server.  Once employees are 
added, simply tag their names on their respective shifts to add them to the auto generated calendar. Information about that shift 
can be easily seen by mousing over, and the shift can even be edited if the availability changes.

Github Project Link: https://github.com/elivatsaas/S4

