Brady: During this second release it felt way more structured than the first release as I was much more on top of the work I needed to complete and specifically better pacing so I wasn't doing everything all at once. However something I learned is that the bigger and more complicated your code becomes how the requirements for testing grows exponentially.

Eli: There were several important things I learned throughout this release. One of the main things I learned was time management. Being able to accurately predict how long a task would take, and giving myself appropriate time for that task has been extremely important in completing the project. I also had to learn the technology, and be able to start working with it in a short amount of time. Having this skill will be extremely beneficial in my future. Although I think the most important thing I learned had to do with planning. Not only the importance of planning, but coming into this project, I didn’t even know what needed to plan. This project gave me valuable insight into necessary planning skills in a software project. 

Tyler: During our second release, we were much more organized in terms of who was doing what and we had open communication leading up to it that allowed us to get everything done without too much of a struggle. In additon, this communication was also very necessary due to the fact that the product had grown a lot and become much more complex and we needed to communicate to understand everything that was going on.
